# DISCLAIMER

This is a school project for practice purposes. For professional use, there are alternatives which are more advanced and therefore more suitable. As the information is provided by OpenDataHUB Südtirol we cannot take responsibility for incorrect information. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee the security of the software, as we do not develop it further. 

# Charge2Go

Charge2Go is a prototype for a map with information about charging stations. You can see charging stations in the set area and informations about the individual plugs when clicking on them. (Currently the area is hardcoded to Trentino - South Tyrol, but there is a class with which other Areas can be created and used)

## Requirements

The code is tested with node 14.17.1 and Angular 12.0.4

## Installation and Execution

To install just clone the repository and run npm install with the requirements installed and selected.
To run just use ng serve like with every other Angular project. 

# Autogenerated README

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.0.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
